Backports and release notes for v5.8.0-RC1 (#28042)
containers/podman: RELEASE_NOTES.md

- Fixed a bug where the `podman kube play` command incorrectly handled precedence between environment variables set by both the `envFrom` and `env` fields ([#27287](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/27287)).
- Fixed a bug where the `podman kube play` command would panic when parsing Pod YAML missing the `image` field ([#27784](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/27784)).
- Fixed a bug where the `podman volume mount` command returned empty paths when volumes were handled by a plugin driver ([#27858](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/27858)).
- Fixed a bug where containers created with `--rootfs` instead of from an image would show that they had a healthcheck in the `starting` state even if no healthcheck was defined ([#27651](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/27651)).
- Fixed a bug where the `podman build` command's `--pull=newer` option did not function correctly ([#22845](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/22845)).
- Fixed a bug where the `RequiresMountsFor` field in Quadlet `.container` files incorrectly handled bind-mount paths which contained spaces.

> - Fixed a bug where the remote Podman client's `podman run --detach-keys` option did not accept an empty string (IE, no detach keys) ([#27414](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/27414)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the remote Podman client's `podman run --detach-keys` option did not accept an empty string (i.e., no detach keys) ([#27414](https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/27414)).
```

Reviewer: And only fix this if you have other things to tweak
